document the querystringSearchGet setting (#5206)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/settings-reference.md

        }
    ```

querystringSearchGet
    Volto uses `HTTP POST` requests to query the `@querystring-search` endpoint.
    This can create a lot of traffic between Volto and the backend, and can also create a lot of cache misses.

>     By modifying this configuration setting and setting it to `true` the endpoint queries will be executed as `HTTP GET` requests and thus any proxy-cache in between Volto and the backend may cache those queries making your site performance better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By modifying this configuration setting and setting it to `true`, the endpoint queries will be executed as `HTTP GET` requests.
    Thus any proxy cache in between Volto and the backend may cache those queries, improving your site performance.
```

>     Please, be aware that this could break some other functionality in your site or some of your queries may break because they contain a lot of parameters (there is an HTTP spec that puts a limit on the lenght of a URL). Please test this setting properly before enabling in a production site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please be aware that this could break some other functionality in your site, or some of your queries may break, when they contain more than 2000 characters.
    [See an explanation of character limits in URLs](https://stackoverflow.com/a/417184/2214933).
    Please test this setting properly before enabling in a production site.
```

        }
    ```

querystringSearchGet
    Volto uses `HTTP POST` requests to query the `@querystring-search` endpoint.
    This can create a lot of traffic between Volto and the backend, and can also create a lot of cache misses.

    By modifying this configuration setting and setting it to `true`, the endpoint queries will be executed as `HTTP GET` requests.
    Thus any proxy cache in between Volto and the backend may cache those queries, improving your site performance.

    Please be aware that this could break some other functionality in your site, or some of your queries may break, when they contain more than 2000 characters.

>     [See an explanation of character limits in URLs](https://stackoverflow.com/a/417184/2214933).

Reviewer: Fix a redirect caught by linkcheckbroken.

```suggestion
    [See an explanation of character limits in URLs](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/417142/what-is-the-maximum-length-of-a-url-in-different-browsers/417184#417184).
```
